people he killed yeah can I go to the
serpentine and never know her and they
know how to hit me check Jesus Christ I
catch the injury who live in I'll be
anything around here your hacksaw behind
you behind you okay hey guys meet me
over here just bringing you a very
simple video that I hope you enjoy it's
entitled how to beat hackers now that's
a very very difficult thing to do
because usually it's either god mode or
extra speed or blah blah blah however
when somebody is just so bad at a game
even with x 10 or x 20 speed buffs they
still couldn't beat us and we're not
very good at the game so look here's the
steam ID feel free to to report this
steam ID their steam account because
that can get that came account closed if
you as outraged about hacking is what I
am so the main offender here was awk so
you'll see his his steam ID there and
his son his good buddy and en good buddy
was I swore for lower having a bit of a
cry together because we're winning and
we we never hack I've never hacked in my
life in any game so guys look I hope you
hopefully you enjoy this one it's just
nice to see hackers get a taste their
own medicine and anyway enjoy it thank
you for the 500 subscribers hopefully I
can have you with me right through the
five thousand ten thousand mark and
hopefully you enjoy our upcoming
animations that I'm working on at the
moment too so guys thanks very much hit
that like button or hit the subscribe
button even better or favorite it if you
think this is something that other
people need to see because hackers very
rarely get a taste of their own medicine
don't taste very medicine get beaten
wallet hacking so enjoy see what of it
now didn't this is the sort of thing
they were talking about
John getting out though this is this is
what I'm talking about look what you
know awk was playing with just a slight
speed bump before and run yeah and now
obviously he's losing and losing badly
so what do they do ramp the speed accent
oh my god I hit him that's hilarious
freak funny but see your bandage real
quick
be strong DJ ice wolf I hit you dickhead
oh god this gilded bruising nice but
peaceful fires down there very far oh my
god I hate him in the head I even the
heavy state oh holy shit yeah he's gonna
he's gonna crawl up he's gonna crawl up
no he's not he's just ramp the speed up
to by the way that is fine they're right
here wow he just cranked it up first
please hi hey look at this he's too
quick he's cranked up that quick he
can't even control himself play hockey
throat
you are you recording looking like a
dick calling me cheap for fighting and
beating a speed acha will be posted with
a zoom of chan for you kiddo he thinks
he's gonna get up it is not gonna give
anyone my god did you say post me and
I'll have you deleted from steam yeah
Evan to love kid
he's an idiot